docs: update repo name across docs (#2735)
zarf-dev/zarf: site/src/content/docs/tutorials/3-deploy-a-retro-arcade.mdx

## Deploying the Arcade

> 1. The `dos-games` package is easily deployable via `oci://` by running `zarf package deploy oci://zarf-dev/dos-games:1.0.0-$(uname -m) --key=https://zarf.dev/cosign.pub`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The `dos-games` package is easily deployable via `oci://` by running `zarf package deploy oci://defenseunicorns/dos-games:1.0.0 --key=https://zarf.dev/cosign.pub`.
```
